docs(nx-cloud): enterprise release notes (#20856)
nrwl/nx: docs/nx-cloud/reference/release-notes.md

# Enterprise Release Notes

### 2312.11.7

##### Helm package compatibility

When upgrading to this version and anything above it, you will need to use Helm version 0.12.0+:

| Chart Version | Compatible Images                  |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| <= `0.10.11`  | `2306.01.2.patch4` **and earlier** |
| >= `0.11.0`   | `2308.22.7` **and later**          |
| >= `0.12.0`   | `2312.11.7` **and later**          |

##### New UI features and improvements

On the UI, we replaced the runs overview with the new CI Pipeline Executions (CIPE for short) screen:

![cipe_screen](/nx-cloud/reference/images/cipe_screen.webp)

This screen organises your runs more logically, according to each invocation of your CI pipeline.

> It provides more data around the committer name and commit message and a full analysis of your CIPE once it finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides more data around the committer name and commit message and a full analysis of your CIPE once it is completed.
```
